0-38-pearlcatpebbles
This is a movement acceptance invoice. It is nothing important.

This is just a useless diamond sphere. Regardless of that, the dim light of my chamber shining through it is comforting, I suppose.

"...through the mists of memory, your image dances, like the motes of dust, in a ray of sunlight, that pierces a dark room."<LINE>A line of verse from the ancient farmer-poet Pel. I used to have many of his works archived, although I am afraid I can no longer access them.

This is an examination on various dilutions and chemical ratios for liquid mediums, and their<LINE>resulting operating efficiencies when utilized to drive fluid-powered machinery. Not of interest to you at all I'm sure.

This is damaged and cannot be read. Much less so in my current state.

It is a historical document containing information on various swords and other weaponry. These were not<LINE>used in combat, but were rather utilized in a variety of routine rituals and spiritual festivals.

This is the schematic for a purposed organism. A refuse reclamation automaton. There is little<LINE>a simple thing like you would understand if I explained it.

It's a collection of photographs showcasing a group of monks contorting their bodies in various ways. Most amusing...

A description of a manually coded language developed late into the Yellow hegemonic dynasty. It utilized<LINE>sequences of gestures and facial expressions to describe concepts to those incapable of speech. Too bad I cannot use this with you.

Such savagery. This pearl has been carved through as decoration. While the information within is not of any<LINE>particular importance, the primitive methods used to drill through this pearl could have easily destroyed something more complex.<LINE>It is a shame to see them desecrate history for the sake of shiny trinkets.

This is blank. Most likely. I think.

It is empty. Or my scanners are failing. Whichever you'd prefer to believe.

There is nothing here. At least that I can still see.

It has faded, and is unreadable. Time does this to more than just pearls, it seems.

...Why did you bring this to me? It is completely blank.

This one has been cracked. I cannot hope to read it nor repair it.

It is damaged and completely unreadable. You should check the damage before going through the effort, no?

The data on this one is clear and uncorrupted, but it is not in any recognizable format.<LINE>The inscriptions within the lattice form a very intricate and deliberate pattern.

This data has been scrambled intentionally. It was likely used to store confidential information. I would not call this a good job.

The surface of this pearl has been scratched thousands of times over by some sharp object. Its contents are faded as well.

There is an image of banners on this, but it has been faded to the point of corruption.

Nothing is left, it is too faded to read. In my current state, no less.

It is growing instructions for the skeleton of a creature, surely used for some mundane purpose, nothing you would understand.

This one contains a numerical sequence encoding all of the registered<LINE>identification numbers for those who dwelled in my city. I don't remember a single one.

Part of a number series, likely used as a cipher. You can keep it, I suppose. There are no secrets for me to hide anymore.

This pearl is filled to capacity, a tremendous feat. However, it only appears to<LINE>contain a single excessively large image, which happens to be completely blank.

Strange, a singular number "8" has been written to this and nothing else. I wonder what the others would have made of this...

It is an old blueprint for construction supports. These would not stand the test of time.

This is a very early research journal, equating void fluid to antimatter. While that comparison<LINE>works metaphorically, it fundamentally misunderstands the true nature of the fluid.

A maintenance log of a routine inspection of my superstructure. No problems to report...<LINE>I was still brand new when this log was written.

This is incomplete source code for a complex simulation of our world, known as The World Machine.<LINE>However, public ascension concluded long before it could be finished by its author. An interesting bit of history, at least.

It is a drawing by a young child, depicting the likeness of an iterator puppet. Specifically, I presume<LINE>this is meant to represent my puppet, but the drawing is too crude to tell for sure. How amusing.

This reads like someone attempting to copy a book from their memory alone.<LINE>Many chapters are only partially written, and some do not exist. Or my scanner is faulty again, your choice.

A classical hymn from an early dynasty. It is very short and repetitive,<LINE>but it would have meant a lot to a younger me, and means even more to me now.

It's a log from a sensor monitoring conditions on the surface. The log ends abruptly<LINE>after some time, as the sensor suffered irreparable damage from the heavy rainfall.

There are 71 numbers listed on this pearl, and they are some of the most unlucky numbers I have ever seen. I'm not worried about things getting much worse.

"Dear diary..." and then nothing. I am not interested in finishing this.

A model of a fluid carrying pipe section. The joints are designed to promote self-sealing. Everything was built too last.

It is a catalog of many types of teas, and their brewing techniques. I do not<LINE>possess the ability to drink tea, so this is of no use to me. You can keep it.

It's the blueprint for a small incense purification filter. An<LINE>understandable necessity before the departure of my creators. One I have no use for.

An image of five bottles of water, standing upon a surface of filter feeding plants.<LINE>A reflection of desire for something denied. A painting from the late Red literary<LINE>dynasty by the famed painter Twenty-One Spokes of a Stone Wheel, a true visionary! At least there are some things I can still enjoy.

I would prefer not to speak of the contents recorded in this pearl.<LINE>Some things are best left unknown. A younger me might have lied and told you it was blank.

Old schematics for a gas filtration machine, very rough and unoptimized. Just what I needed.

This pearl contains a series of puzzles designed to exercise the mind. However, I've already<LINE>solved them all in the time it took me to say these sentences aloud to you. I am not quite gone yet.

This is a malicious pearl. The data is meaningless, but the way it is formatted would cause older machinery<LINE>to get stuck in an infinite recursion trying to read it. Luckily, even in my current state, I am more sophisticated than that.

This contains the image of a pearl... and within that the same image. This is either<LINE>a joke, or a method of testing a pearl's recursive density. Neither are worth my time.

This pearl is blank? No, my scanner is being faulty again. I’m afraid I cannot read this to you.

Curious. While this pearl is cracked and unintelligble, a small plant has grown inside.